hello I'm here to talk to you about the
tron fee sport headphone I received
these free for review but despite that
kindness going to be honest about them
anyway because if I were shopping for
headphones I want people to be honest
with me too so you'll get the good bad
and indifferent for me the first thing
to notice is these suckers aren't big
when I put them in my ears initially the
kids all laughed at me because it looked
like I had a steel bolt sticking through
my head the more appropriate mode is
this one which is actually fairly handy
because you're not going to even in the
event that they fall out here I'm not
going to leave your headphones and it's
relatively easy to grab them and put
them back in on that topic though that
they are pretty massive so there it's
going to be difficult for them to stay
in they do come with varying sizes and
actually end plugs so you have that
going for you the default is sort of a
medium I'm going to go much smaller and
larger from there see one thing that we
did have issue with us finding the port
to plug it in to charge it the
instructions say that this is on the
right-hand plug on the back actually
it's on the left hand you just have to
kind of pry this little sucker off there
and you can charge it was it blends in
rather nicely sounds pretty hard to find
bluetooth pairing was relatively okay it
wasn't the easiest device I'd have
repaired but it wasn't the worst by far
audio output is decent there's a quite a
bit of high-pitched noise that was a
little unsettling but typically most
music is going to brown that out so it
won't be a problem most of the time also
the unit does purport to have a
microphone unfortunately when paired
with my
my iphone it refused to record anything
from it almost as if it didn't recognize
there was an audio input device at all
so that wasn't great so if this is if
the microphone is party beer default use
case I wouldn't recommend for that what
else could I tell you it does say it has
a cell phone function I don't honestly
know I did not try that and given the
state of the microphone I wouldn't
recommend it particularly I guess my
last point is the instructions these are
the instructions in question the most
useful thing is this chart that lays out
the various parts of the headphones and
the controls as we saw it with the
charging plate not a hundred percent
accurate but these are kind of
comprehensible so I guess I would close
by saying that these are by far not the
best headphones I've come across I'd
recommend looking at something with a
little little better offering in just
about every way their servers won't
forget him for a Christmas gift you
don't have to throw him away but i
wouldn't spend my own